feat: adding library manager (#56782)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-library-manager/67116c175a77cb64c5c10d49.md

---
id: 67116c175a77cb64c5c10d49
title: Step 1
challengeType: 1
dashedName: step-1
---

# --description--

> In this project, you will learn higher-order array methods by building a library manager. The methods you'll learn include `.map()`, `.filter()`, `.reduce()` and `.forEach()`.

Reviewer: Remember they learned about higher order functions in the previous lecture block. So the text will need to reflect that.

```suggestion
In the previous lecture videos, you learned how to work with higher order functions like `map`, `filter` and `reduce`.

In this workshop, you will build a library manager app that will give you an opportunity to practice working with different higher order functions.
```

> To get started, create an empty library array.

Reviewer: references to variable names need backticks

```suggestion
To get started, create a variable called `library` and assign it an empty array.
```
